Are you nuts?
Awesome, I love it!
A very good list if I may say
Can I join you guys there?
Caroline, my darling, if you read this: please forgive me. I know I've made a mistake, but now I understand. You're the only women for me and I won't let you down again. Please give me a second chance. I love you. Your sweetheart
Cool!
Did you ever think that 2012 is the last year of the Maya calendar?
Don't be silly, my friend!
epic fail
#fail
Get stuffed.
Happy birthday everyone!
Honestly, I start hating these articles. Everything is great and nice and wonderful... but where are the hidden problems?
How I hate such a crap...
I Will Bookmark this page . :)
I cannot believe all the crap you guys are writing here.
I do not agree with that.
I don't understand you.
I fully agree with you.
I want to add something: Making something but thinking can be the most valuable choice sometimes. Anyway, great article!
Keep posting good quality articles like this one! I will be back here..
LMAO :-DDD. You have to reply to this FTW.
LOL, you guys crack me up!
Ok, it's all great and you're surely charismatic with all those proper and funny jokes... But tell me in what way bamboo is always ready for action?! :) What action?! :)
ROFL. No further comment until I can breathe again.
Stop annoying me with the ever-same comments.
Thank you for this very good summary of the facts.
Thanks for such a compelling list..Such a useful resource to have.. :)
Thanks for your write-up I truly learned something from it. Excellent posts on this website Usually looking forward to new post.
Think for yourself, question authority! -- Timothy Leary
This place is awesome. :-)
This simply has to be the most boring place I have ever been to. I'd rather rot in hell than ever going there again.
Very nice article, some websites post very good information, like yours.. I will be back here..
WTF are you saying?
We tend to be impressed by things that are complex but it is actually much harder sometimes to come up with simplicity. If more people sought simplicity then the world would be a very different place.
What a nonsense!
Why does nobody answer to my comments? Help? Anyone out there? Anyone?
you're like someone talking about driving a car but you never sat in a car in the first place
You guys are all boring me to death. Dumbasses.
You must try the local food there, but avoid the ghastly beer at all cost.
You seriously want to go there?
